Add CHANGELOG entry about `<script>` snippet (#4392)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

- [#3491: Update Review app to import `govuk-frontend` via local package](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/3491)
- [#3498: Remove built `dist` and `package` from source](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/3498)

#### Update the `<script>` snippet at the top of your `<body>` tag

> We've introduced a new `govuk-frontend-supported` class marking that GOV.UK Frontend is supported in the browser showing the page. It complements the existing `js-enabled` class and is necessary for components to initialise.

Reviewer: is this - 
We've introduced a new `govuk-frontend-supported` class, marking that...
or
We've introduced a new `govuk-frontend-supported` class marking, showing that...
?
And I'm not sure what you mean by 'showing the page' in this context

Author: It's the first one. Guess it's a sign that I should split it into two sentences, maybe?

Regarding "showing the page", I was trying to clarify "the browser" by adding that it's the one currently rendering the page (as "GOV.UK Frontend is supported in the browser" sounded a bit of a short end).

Reviewer 2: We'll need to put this on the migration page too?
https://release-5-0--govuk-frontend-docs-preview.netlify.app/changes-to-govuk-frontend-v5/

I'd probably state that we handle this change automatically too

Only users that implement their own page templates need to take action

```suggestion
Page templates now include a new `govuk-frontend-supported` class on the `<body>` tag when GOV.UK Frontend JavaScript components are fully supported.

If you are not using our [Nunjucks page template](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/styles/page-template/), replace the existing snippet:
```

Reviewer 2: Very important to note that good CSP (Content Security Policy) will block inline scripts so there will very likely be a [hash to update](https://frontend.design-system.service.gov.uk/importing-css-assets-and-javascript/#use-a-hash-to-unblock-inline-javascript) in production services:

```patch
- sha256-+6WnXIl4mbFTCARd8N3COQmT3bJJmo32N8q8ZSQAIcU=
- sha256-GUQ5ad8JK5KmEWmROf3LZd9ge94daqNvd8xy9YS1iDw=
```

Reviewer: Probably yes to the migration page. And the suggested change looks good to me as well.

Author: Updated and added another heading for the CSP :)

Agree it'll be good to mention on the migration page as well, good shout.

Reviewer 2: @romaricpascal Mind including both a "from" and a "to" for the CSP hash?

It's far easier for users to search their code for the string to replace
